# WordPress Plugin Readme - WhatsApp Button

## Plugin Description
This WordPress plugin is a powerful tool that allows you to easily incorporate a WhatsApp button into your WordPress pages and posts. With a user-friendly interface in the admin panel, you can create, modify, and delete these buttons using a simple shortcode.

The WhatsApp button generated by this plugin uses an externally hosted script at https://widgets.2chat.io/index.js, ensuring optimal performance and seamless integration with WhatsApp.

Additionally, the plugin includes an internal database where the WhatsApp button settings are stored, making it easy to manage and customize according to your needs.

## Key Features
- Easily generate a WhatsApp button on your WordPress pages and posts.
- Intuitive interface in the admin panel for managing your WhatsApp buttons.
- Use a simple shortcode to embed the button in your content.
- Seamless integration with WhatsApp through an externally hosted script at https://widgets.2chat.io/index.js.
- Internal database for storing and managing button settings.

## Installation
To install this plugin on your WordPress site, follow these steps:

1. Download the plugin ZIP file from [PLUGIN_URL].
2. Go to your WordPress admin panel.
3. Click on "Plugins" in the left menu.
4. Click on "Add New" at the top of the page.
5. Click on "Upload Plugin" and select the ZIP file you downloaded.
6. Click "Install Now" and then "Activate."

## Usage
Once you have activated the plugin, you can start adding WhatsApp buttons to your WordPress pages and posts as follows:

1. Go to the WordPress admin panel.
2. Click on "2Chat" in the left menu.
3. On the configuration page, you can add, modify, or delete WhatsApp buttons as needed.
4. Each button has its unique shortcode that you can copy and paste into your pages or posts to display the button.

Example shortcode:
[2chat_whatsapp_button alias="Nombre del Alias"]